[AGM-2665] Add AdGuard Mini for Mac section (#798)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/adguard-mini-for-mac/features/support.md

---
title: Support
sidebar_position: 6
---

![Support tab](https://cdn.adtidy.org/content/kb/ad_blocker/mini_mac/support.png)

*Support* section has helpful options in case you have a question or encounter a problem:

- FAQ

  Answers to a lot of questions and problems can be found here

- Report incorrect blocking

  Takes you to the page where you can report a bug or a problem in details

- Contact support

>   Contact our support team directly from the app, allowing you to attach logs and app info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Contact our support team directly from the extension, allowing you to attach logs and more info
```
